https://medium.com/javarevisited/30-recursion-interview-questions-and-coding-exercises-for-programming-interviews-2816302e9ab

1. How to calculate factorial using recursion in Java. (solution)
2. How to Print Fibonacci Series in Java using Recursion. (solution)
3. How to reverse String in Java using Recursion. (solution)
4. Write a countDown(int number) method in Java using Recursion which prints countdown till zero to console, like count(3) should print 3 2 1 0
5. How to reverse Linked List using Recursion. (solution)
6. How to print digitsToWords(int number) for example digitToWords(321) should print three or two ones? (solution)
7. How to reverse a number using Recursion in Java? (solution)
8. How to calculate the sum of arithmetic series from 1 to N? (solution)
9. How to calculate the power of a number like power(int number, int power) like power(2, 3) should return 8? (solution)
10. How to calculate Greatest Common Division GCD using Euclid’s algorithm (solution)
11. How to print nodes of trees in the pre-order traversal using recursion? (solution)
12. Write a Java program to convert Decimal to binary using recursion. (solution)
13. How to code a post-order traversal algorithm using recursion? (solution)
14. How to implement inorder traversal of binary tree using recursion? (solution)
15. How to count the number of leaf nodes in a given binary tree? (solution)
16. How to implement a binary search algorithm using recursion? (solution)
17. How to find all permutations of a given String in Java? (solution)
18. How to calculate the sum of digits using recursion in Java? (solution)
19. How to solve the Tower of Hanoi problem using recursion? (solution)
20. How to implement bubble sort algorithms using recursion? (solution)
21. How to implement Quick sort algorithm using recursion? (solution)
22. How to implement merge sort algorithm using recursion (solution)
23. Solve the Nine Queen problem in chess using Recursion (solution)
24. Solve Regular Expression matching problem using recursion where you have given an input string s and a pattern p, implement regular expression matching with support for '.' and '*' where:

    '.' Matches any single character.​​​​
    '*' Matches zero or more of the preceding element.

The matching should cover the entire input string (not partial).

25. How to merge two sorted linked list using Recursion (solution)

26. How to calculate power of three using recursion (solution)

27. How to remove a given element form a linked list using recursion (solution)